# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
This dataset contains data about individuals who have been interesting in the banks services. The opportunity at hand is to see if we can identify  patterns in individuals that subscribed to the bank's services. 

When building a model there were two approaches used:
1) A logistic regression model using hyperdrive to optimize C and max iteration
2) An AutoML approach that tries multiple different normalization techniques and models to find the best model

The best performaning model came from the AutoML approach when it used a VotingEnsemble model resulting in an accuracy of 91.71%

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
